Add CHANGELOG for v0.39 (#236)
turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.39 [2024-01-09]

_Bug fixes_

> - Updated the regex pattern of kubernetes version for the `kubernetes_cluster_upgraded_with_non_vulnerable_version` query. ([#235](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/235))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `kubernetes_cluster_upgraded_with_non_vulnerable_version` query to correctly check if a Kubernetes cluster is using an outdated software version. ([#235](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/235))
```
